hey guys Dave Clark supply 88 today we
have Korea iPod cat 48 inch ankle groove
attachment from your MT 52 MT 50m t-55
Bobcat 463 and s 70 purpose this video
today is just give you a quick 360
degree view of this attachment we
haven't hooked up to a 463 here right
now currently we have some of these for
sale also we're just going to show you
that it does work just the way we say it
does we'll start you right here in the
back this is standard quick touch for on
the MT 50 50 to 55 for 63 and s 70 do
you have a Toro dingoo machine will be
glad to convert this over by just
welding Toro dingo plate onto the back
that'll cost you one hundred and
seventy-five dollars to have the plate
and the welding put on it comes the
hoses flat face couplers this broom I
have approximately ten of these left
all of them are anywhere between seventy
five percent and brand new bristles they
are 2008 to 2010 year models they are
the Bobcat angle brood we can simply
pull this rotate very easily left or
right to your desired angle repin the
attack we're just gonna let it straight
for this application you can see here
the broom bristles on this are brand new
other than what I have swept here with
it bring it on around no leaks on the
drive motor anything like that one small
crack here on the top shield we find
that seems to be pretty normal for these
give you close up cereal plate they're
not welded the busted no leaks again we
have found good hoses these are perfect
for snow removal and for springtime
cleanup if you have stones and stuff in
your customers yard or in your own yard
it's awesome to sweep out with these
little brooms are really really nice I'm
going to go ahead and start this 463 and
will sleep with it for you just to show
you the worst
there we can hope you can see from the
video the brooding does work just way it
smoke still good attacks might have
these are about five on
thank you very much